1410945213
Application	/home/ismar/blog/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/ismar/blog/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Blog	/home/ismar/blog/config/application.rb	module Blog
Comment	/home/ismar/blog/app/models/comment.rb	class Comment 
CommentTest	/home/ismar/blog/test/models/comment_test.rb	class CommentTest 
CommentsController	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	class CommentsController 
CommentsControllerTest	/home/ismar/blog/test/controllers/comments_controller_test.rb	class CommentsControllerTest 
CommentsHelper	/home/ismar/blog/app/helpers/comments_helper.rb	module CommentsHelper
CommentsHelperTest	/home/ismar/blog/test/helpers/comments_helper_test.rb	class CommentsHelperTest 
CreateComments	/home/ismar/blog/db/migrate/20140917091205_create_comments.rb	class CreateComments 
CreatePosts	/home/ismar/blog/db/migrate/20140917090616_create_posts.rb	class CreatePosts 
Post	/home/ismar/blog/app/models/post.rb	class Post 
PostTest	/home/ismar/blog/test/models/post_test.rb	class PostTest 
PostsController	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	class PostsController 
PostsControllerTest	/home/ismar/blog/test/controllers/posts_controller_test.rb	class PostsControllerTest 
PostsHelper	/home/ismar/blog/app/helpers/posts_helper.rb	module PostsHelper
PostsHelperTest	/home/ismar/blog/test/helpers/posts_helper_test.rb	class PostsHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/ismar/blog/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
change	/home/ismar/blog/db/migrate/20140917090616_create_posts.rb	  def change
change	/home/ismar/blog/db/migrate/20140917091205_create_comments.rb	  def change
comment_params	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	    def comment_params
create	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def new
post_params	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	    def post_params
set_comment	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	    def set_comment
set_post	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	    def set_post
show	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def show
update	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/ismar/blog/app/controllers/comments_controller.rb	  def update
